hi hafu here I'm from Canada boring
phone scene and today we're gonna go
interview international chin-hua
students and ask them what they think so
far
alright let's go I'm here with Luke
Piazza
my name's Ian Samantha Philip were you
from I'm from Spain what are you
studying
I'm a visiting student so I'm like kind
of working in the lab well where are you
from Canada I'm studying political
science in English unfortunately my
Chinese is boo ha your Chinese is a
little bit okay club or business
journalism Zimbabwe from London studying
Chinese edging walk and what was your
first impression of Ching hai University
like wow this campus is so big hahaha
it's a very beautiful school it's big
campus the teachers and everyone I've
met have been pretty nice overall quite
interesting to see how China has
developed well chinko is the best
University really yes really
yeah it's the best of the best I just
love the environment like weights
located it's so quiet like there's no
noise around beautiful the most
beautiful campus I've really enjoyed my
time at ching kuo it's such a such an
interesting place because everything is
provided for on campus a sort of a bank
a supermarket loads of canteens so
actually being a student is really easy
fetching a sari from the work obviously
how was your first day here it was
pretty good it was quite cold I think
when I first came here not anything I'm
not used to there was like the
orientation day and everyone doesn't
know anyone that's perfect people that
especially people that don't speak any
Chinese it's even worse that's nice you
get to meet people immediately cuz
everyone's kind of scared like scared
little children running around like be
my friends I don't have any others so
but it was cool to kind of see like a
bit of the campus and to know what's
going I I'm happy to be here regardless
my first day was terrible because I
didn't have any friends I didn't know
where to go and my Chinese was so bad I
did not even know like what to do well
my first day a complete culture shock I
think I first came here when just after
the Chinese New Year when everything was
still closed so I wanted to set up a
bank account
thanks for clothes like all the canteens
on campus were closed so it was a bit of
a ghost town really and they a week
later it's completely different
oh yeah it's
completely rammed with people completely
packs okay I just completely change when
I first came do you like the food you
love food actually I've heard Chinua has
way better food than beta honestly
there's so much food to choose from
what's your favorite dish dan dan Yin
that stuff is great so 20 likes to chew
on food great and then there's also some
like basic like western food like its
legit Chinese food bill a question yeah
it's okay it's okay some of it like I'm
not used to it because like where I come
from the food is a bit different from
this one what's your favorite dish any
fun right just write zero I like judo
too pretty good really cheap ever really
good too do you like the food here yeah
I like it but it's kind of oily here I
like it's good cuz they have like so
many varieties and you can find all
kinds of feel like in the same canteen
is like honey is very cheap as well so
is it hard to make friends with the
local students to an extent yeah I would
kind of say actually Chinese people are
very welcoming I've had nothing but good
experiences with the students but I find
it difficult to like become their really
good friend just because of the language
and the cultural differences and stuff
like that well it's not really hard most
Chinese people they are like willing to
talk to us so I cannot say fact so I
interviewed a couple people before you
and they all said it was kind of hard to
make local friends what's a good tip you
would give someone be up for for meeting
people in any place I haven't part of
the society called the the Ching hua
Shore Society which tries to help
foreigners like me meet local friends
and they host events where we get to
meet other local friends and generally
just just being up for we're going to
random kt recession or i playing sports
or people i've even playing basketball
and this in the school port so you just
get to meet people we get dragged into
games so just just being open to trying
different things on campus do not about
the prestige of ching hai in china i've
heard about it but only after coming
here he's seen a in action ah you times
have you like every going outside and
said oh I'm from chi-wai University and
then someone just look at you it's Ono
no way I do that all the time like
sometimes I do turn Purple's I just I
just called a like all day and then I
say yeah I'm from Qin Qin
they were like wow Chim Chim good
yes I know I know I know
I'm from Ching hua I do that ching hai's
the best University so please you have
to know so this is gonna be the last
question sure
did you find love not yet but you could
be the lucky lady you're out there call
me I mean we chat a demo I have not
found love yet I mean I met a few girls
but I mean nothing nothing is really
progressed yet be honest I'm not really
on many dating apps so I think that
probably say like my friends who want
Anton and tinder and they use it pretty
liberally but I don't really you do that
did you find love you oh my god okay you
caught me off guard on campus so you
obviously did I think I should say in
China yes in Beijing yes but not in Qing
hua okay no no what what what is love
[Music]